.Id $Id: owdigestgenpass.8,v 1.1.1.1 2002/03/01 16:58:14 nuffer Exp $
.TH owdigestgenpass 8 "September 2001" owdigestgenpass "OpenWBEM Framework"
.SH NAME
owdigestgenpass \- Add a user name and password to a password file for HTTP 
digest authentication
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B owdigestgenpass
.RB  \-l 
.IR LOGIN_NAME
.RB  \-f 
.IR PASSWORD_FILE
.RB [ \-h 
.IR HOSTNAME ]
.RB [ \-p 
.IR PASSWORD ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B owdigestgenpass
is used to add a user and password to a digest password file suitable for
use with the owcimomd digest authentication module.  If the file does not
exist, it is created with a single entry.  If the file already exists, 
the new authentication credentials are appended to the file.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.BI \-l " LOGIN_NAME"
The name of the user.
.TP 8
.BI \-f " PASSWORD_FILE"
The path to the filename that is to be created or appended to.
.TP 8
.BI \-h " HOSTNAME"
The hostname of the computer that this password file will be used on.  If
this parameter is omitted, 
.B owdigestgenpass 
will use the hostname of the computer it is executed on.  (It's safer to omit
this parameter, so that the hostname that is used will match the one that 
the digest authentication module will use.)
.TP 8
.BI \-p " PASSWORD"
The password for the new user.  If this parameter is omitted, you will 
be prompted for the password (echo off).
.SH FILES
.I openwbem.conf
The configuration file specifies if the digest authentication module is
to be used.  It also specifies the path to the digest password file.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
owcimomd(8)
.SH BUGS
None known at this time.
